# TeamSure
### The Ultimate Platform to hire labourers from trusted Contractors. Contractors can find appropriate work suited for their Labourers.

In tough times of Covid-19, huge number of labourers like masons, carpenters, farm-workers, etc have lost their jobs. Due to uncertainty with the Lockdown and Unlock, the hirers or builders cannot reach the laborers to provide them with work. It is not feasible for the poor workers to travel far off to get work. However, the workers of a particular area are in contact with their Contractor. The Hirers can reach out to these Contractors, and thus employ labors according to their work necessity. 

So, we decided to make LabourUp App that acts as a medium of contact and deal fixing between Contractors and Hirers. The Hirer adds or uploads the work details, like type of work, number of Days in which work should be completed and the amount he is ready to pay to the Contractor for his deal. The list of work by all the Hirers is displayed to the Contractor, wherein he chooses his most preferred work. If he is interested in the Hirer's work, he sends the Hirer his phone number, name and proses an amount (negotiating on the deal). All the Contractors that are interested in the Hirers Work are displayed to the Hirer, in a list with their phone number, name, and proposed amount.

To fix the final deal with the most appropriate Contractor, the Hirer contacts him on a phone call. The final deal is kept on the phone call because Businessmen and Contractors prefer to finalize the money and labor-related deals in real-time over meetups and voice calls.

The Contractor will then coordinate with the poor labourers over phone calls, and then send them to work place. This way just with one call, laboures can get employment and feed their families. They will not have to go hunting for Builders and bother about travel expenses. The travel expenses, resources and time of everyone shall be saved due to mass hiring. The workers will have work security.
